In the king of Gondendelve, was born a Patriarch dwarf of the Decker family (one of the richest in the region), he was always interested in fighting, especially because of his father (a brilliant warrior who was the king's personal bodyguard) who taught him all about combat, the brilliant Adrik Decker. One day his father left for a mission. In this realm there was a group of very feared elves, who lived looting what they found, when the group found that the legendary Decker had left, they went straight to his house to loot, Goldriver at 12 was training in his yard when he heard his mother screamed, when he got there the elves had killed his mother and were looting as many things as they could,  The boy then showed all his training and killed all the elves, being respected by all the kingdom for defeating such a scary group. The father, after discovering what had happened, could not stand the news and ended up killing himself, but not without first leaving all of his equipment for his son.. The king, seeing the boy's skill and with the friendship with his father, granted him a space in the kingdom to be trained to be the king's new guard. In the meantime, Goldriver remained extremely shaken by the situation, even though he was considerate in training, he couldn't talk to anyone, Decker tried to seek peace but failed miserably. After a few years beeing the personal king's guard, Decker finally found a friend, he was realy carasmatic and was a noble just like him. After months of conversation, the friend told to Adrik that the king wasnt so good as he seemed to be, the dwarf couldn't belive but after seeing some dirty attitudes of the king,like corruption and unnecessary murders, Goldriver tries to confront him about all the corruption in the kingdom, the king seeing all the pressure that was attracted to him, he orders to execute Goldriver, but the friend of decker by some noble friends discovered the order. After tell everything, the paladin decide to hide in the deepest suburbs of Goldendelve, the friend decides to go with him
so Goldrive quickly take somepart of his equipment and the rest of his inheritance.

Now, Goldriver and his friend starts an entire adventure to scape the kingdom. 

Goldriver, the legacy of Goldendelve 

-2 months after-
"Goldriver and + player.getName() are hiding in a forest trying to find someplace to sleep
Goldriver: So how's it going + player.getName()
Player: definetly not so good, I'm really don't know how the king did all that horrible things.
Goldriver: me neither, but unfortnately there is nothing we can do, so are you hungry?
+ player.getName(): starving 
Goldriver: ok listen, it is starting to be dangerous here, let's split ourselves, I'm going to find some food and you try to find someplace to we rest
See that cave overthere must be safe to we sleep.

after split yourselves + player.getName() entry in the cave, going over there, he heard a noise bellow the cave, after some steps you try to find which noise was that.
You start to go down and down in the cave, after some steps you see a strange door, after entry inside, a mysterious person lock the door, you try to oppend but you failed, so now you 
see two grottous, one is bright and seems to have something valuable, the other one looks like the right way to find Goldriver. which way do you prefer to go?

1. bright way
after walk to the grotto, you heard a mysterous noise and looking behind a huge rock fall, blocking your way back, you see a letter under you saying that you must pay attention
it really has a tresure but one of the treasures is really a treasure and the other one is a monster that will try to kill you. 

+10 coins, after getting the coins the player go to a place that can be a way out.

2. way to Goldriver
going to the way out, you see a light that can be a way out of the cave, but you heard something and after look behind a mysterious creature approachs trying to kill you.

--After the combat
after winning the monster you hear a scream
Goldriver: + player.getName(), ARE YOU FINE?
+ player.getName(): I'm really scared, what had I done?
Goldriver: you were really lucky, you could died here, I can't always protect you,  + player.getName() you need to know how to fight.
I will train you, just like my dad did to me. 
+ player.getName(): but Goldriver...
Goldriver: ENOUGH, it's getting really dark here, let's get other spot

--After 1 month
after one month, Goldriver train you everyday to learn how to deal with enemyes
Goldriver: Okay, + player.getName(), I see that you already are ready to use a weapon, I pick those ones in my travels. Choose the one that you enjoy more.
-- the three weapons

Goldriver: nice choice, I think we should go to a tavern, I'm really tired of walking for so many districts.
+ player.getName(): Me neither, I really need to take a shower.

--After walking for many hours, you find a nice district Down Hill, A really calm place that probably would be a nice spot to sleep.
Goldriver: + player.getName() you saw that? haha a tavern. I really want a huge bed to sleep
+ player.getName(): And which bed isn't huge for you Goldriver?
Goldriver: if you start with these jokes, I'm gonna show you who is small.

--After some jokes, you entry in the tavern. Over there, you see some interesting plaves to go. 
1. Talk with the mercant
- you talk with the mercant

2. Play gamble games
- a game that depends of your luck
3. Rent a room with Goldriver
After drink a little, you finally rent a room to sleep. But, A strange person don't stop to look at you. After seeing this, but you don't mind and go to your room anyway.
In the middle of the night, you wake up and percive that the door handle is doing a strange noise, you quickly take your sword and the stranger open the door.

Stranger: Hello + player.getName(), It's been a quiet while, doesn't it?
+ player.getName(): who the hell are you?
Stranger: you and the old Decker are all stupid shit, you really think that you are better then the king?
+ player.getName(): the old Danyel is lost in all his power
Stranger: I already heard a lot of this crap, TAKE THIS

--after the fight
after a lot of noise, Goldriver run to you and find the monster.getName()
Goldriver: what the hell happend?
monster.getName(): ..., h... hiha... haha
you really think it's over?, King Danyel already knows about your spot, I start running if I were you.
+ player.getName(): why aren't you just leave us alone? We don't give a damn about the king.
+ monster.getName(): You don't see what have you done, you are ALL DEAD, GOLDRIVER, + player.getName(): IS CONDEMNED TO DEATH, BECAUSE EVERYONE THAT YOU CARE DIE, DIE, DIE 	
Goldriver, after heard all this he take his axe and cut the head of + monster.getName()
Goldriver: I heard enough let's get out of here before the situation get worse
+ player.getName(): o... ok
but, after some time a local starts talking with you
Magnus: you really deafeted the + getMonsterName()?
+ player.getName(): yeah
Magnus: that's wonderful, he was really damaging everyone's lives
Goldriver: Sorry, we really need to go
Magnus: Wait before you go, please young boy I would be preatty happy if you choose one of these armors as a gift.


--2 weeks after
After run a lot + player.getName(): and Goldriver run to other district "Dirty Helment", after hide in a abandoned house you try to start a fire to get warmer
+ player.getName(): It's really cold here
Goldriver: we need to kill the king, and all this is over
+ player.getName(): Don't say this Goldriver, revange it's a foolish game, I don't wanna live running all the time. 
We can travel to Kriften I heard that is a nice place, with incredible people, I think we can start again over there 
Goldriver: you really think it's a good Idea?
+ player.getName(): with all the certainty in the world

--After going towards kriften, you see a mercant, do you want to trade with him?
1. yes
strat a dialog with the mercant
2.
procides the story.

after some walk, you are almost leaving Dirty Helment when an arrow fall in front of Goldriver,
the king with all his guard was aiming at you
Danyel: GOLDRIVER, YOU REALLY THOUGHT YOU COULD ESCAPE?
Goldriver: We don't wanna fight Danyel, we just want to leave the kingdom, I don't care about your dirty work
Danyel: You never was like your father, Adrik was much better the than you.
Goldriver: my parents are dead because of your pathetic guardianship
Danyel: YOU ARE DEAD DECKER
+ player.getName() seeing that Decker would die, he pushes him in the direction of a lake, now was only you against all the guards of the king

--after the battle you die
Danyel: I'm not gonna lie, you are tought kid, but not for me. *kill + player.getName() *, drop this peace of shit in a bonfire

--after hours of the dead of + player.getName(), Goldriver finnaly finds a way to get out of the lake.
he find some people so hide in a hole, he see some nobles shouting that one of the outlaws were finally dead
Goldriver couldn't heard all that so he needed to think about one of the most important choices of his life

1. Kill all the village, 2. Leave

1.
non-canonical ending
Goldriver with a insane rage, get out of the hole and starts screaming and start a combat
--combat with all the village
"PLEASE STOP"
"KIDS RUN AWAY"

--goldriver strats killing all the village. Until the king appears
after the king came, Goldriver starts screaming
Goldriver:DANYEL YOU ARE DEADDDDDDDDDDDDDD
you win the battle 

--now Goldriver recieve his revange and starts an empire with all his angry, killing everyone that cross your path 

thank you for playing

2.
canonical ending
Goldriver remember his friend telling that revenge wasn't worth it, so he prefers to ignore all that riot, and leave Dirty Helment
Now with 22 years old, Decker is alone, sought by the kingdom and looking for some meaning to his life, he follows his adventure searching for some peace in Kriften
just like + player.getName() asked for...

thank you for playing.
 


